Rework first login and password reset to improve flow (#2126)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge-kubernetes/installing-edge-on-k8-bundle/accessing-edge.md

#### To access Edge {#to-access-cumulocity-iot-edge}

> To log in in to the Edge, enter one of the following URLs in the browser:

Author: @MWindel We just copied this from how core uses it here https://cumulocity.com/docs/quick-start/first-steps/#step-1-logging-into-hahahugoshortcode-s2-hbhb-for-the-first-time

What would you recommend?

- For the "edge" tenant, use the URL `https://<domain_name>`.
- For the {{< management-tenant >}}, use the URL `https://management.<domain_name>`.

This will bring up the below login screen. Enter the default credentials username "admin" and password "admin-pass" to log in in to both the "edge" tenant and the {{< management-tenant >}}.

![Login prompt](/files/edge-k8s/edge-k8s-login-banner.png)

> On the first login, the below screen will appear, forcing you to change the password. The email address to change the password is the one you specified in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge CR (or myown@iot.com if you followed the Quickstart installation steps). Alternatively, run the following command to retrieve the email address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the first login, you see the dialog window below, forcing you to change the password. The email address to change the password is the one you specified in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge CR (or myown@iot.com if you followed the Quickstart installation steps). Alternatively, run the following command to retrieve the email address:
```

Select the **Remember me** checkbox if you want the browser to remember your credentials, so that you do not have to enter them again when opening the application the next time. This is especially convenient if you frequently switch between {{< product-c8y-iot >}} applications, as Edge requests you to authenticate each time when starting an application. You can make the browser "forget" your credentials by explicitly logging out.

> Finally, click **Login** to enter Edge. Initially, you will be taken to the [Cockpit](/cockpit/cockpit-introduction/) application, if not configured differently. For further information about the Cumulocity IoT standard applications see [Available applications](/get-familiar-with-the-ui/available-applications/).

Reviewer: missing variable for Cumulocity IoT
